README.md, before:

# Project name: electron-views-composer

> This is and will be publicly available ongoing (living) project, a multi-window GUI prototype primarily aimed towards [Placard.js-light](https://github.com/projektorius96/Placard.js-light) project I am also actively working on...

### Development process

> Run the following commands on your terminal in ascending order:

1. `npm ci`;
2. `npm start` instead of a long `nodemon --exec npx electron main.mjs` command.

> **Dev advice**: If you have [nodemon](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon) installed on your system globally, simply run `nodemon --exec npx electron main.mjs`: _the entry file name_ (e.g. _main.mjs_) may vary tho, so beware...

### Dev experience

> **IMPORTANT**: Make sure your top-level DOM element for each View has its `style.height` property set as `height:100vh` - this will allow adjacent `Views` to be stacked in a nice one-to-one manner without any visual gaps !

---

> Made with ♥ by [**projektorius96**](https://github.com/projektorius96)

Commit message:

code-revision: ready for PR
- improved modularity of the codebase
- README.md updated with "Conventions" heading
- etc.

README.md, after:

# Project name: electron-views-composer

> This is and will be publicly available ongoing (living) project, a multi-window GUI prototype primarily aimed towards [Placard.js-light](https://github.com/projektorius96/Placard.js-light) project I am also actively working on...

### Conventions

- This repository primarily targets JavaScript, not TypeScript users, thus `.mjs` extension deliberately is reserved for ESM-first Electron's main process or Node.js environments
- Individual `Views` defined under `./views/` path: each path has entry point `index.html` and with it sourced `main.js`, which unlike `main.mjs`, the `main.js` indicates that is part of Document Object Model (DOM) structure under Electron's renderer process.
- Multiple `Views` defined under `./views/` path can be namespaced in a modular fashion, using `index.mjs` as an entry file;

### Development process

> Run the following commands on your terminal in ascending order:

1. `npm ci`;
2. `npm start` instead of a long `nodemon --exec npx electron main.mjs` command.

> **Dev advice**: If you have [nodemon](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon) installed on your system globally, simply run `nodemon --exec npx electron main.mjs`: _the entry file name_ (e.g. _main.mjs_) may vary tho, so beware...

### Dev experience

> **IMPORTANT**: Make sure your top-level DOM element for each View has its `style.height` property set as `height:100vh` - this will allow adjacent `Views` to be stacked in a nice one-to-one manner without any visual gaps !

---

> Made with ♥ by [**projektorius96**](https://github.com/projektorius96)
